#

1
 a
 b
2
 a
 b

Cut and paste the example number outside.
Then manually insert "a","b" etc.
(Jim's note: Perhaps could make "a","b" etc via a different auto number?)

-- Two kinds of examples -- 

- normal examples (as described above)
    + Frames seem too slow.
      (Jim's note: Why so slow? Even with IPA. Need to look into this problem.)
    + Solution: Use tables with morpheme breaks and part of speech.
    + Set TableCharsPerRow down to 40
      (Jim's note: Probably make this an explicit setting.)
    + Set font sizes all to 10, IPA and Times New Roman.

- three column examples
    + part of speech definitely not needed
    + morpheme breaks are not as essential either, at least not lined up.
      (Jim's note: Would like an option to show morpheme breaks separated by
       dash rather than separate columns / frames.)
    + Solution: Use frames without morpheme breaks or part of speech
    + Landscape for this part of the document.

-- Inner tables for three column examples --

Copying and pasting inner tables is hard.
With first inner table, cannot press enter before first letter.
Works with second inner table however.
Solution: In first inner table, table -> select -> table
          Paste outside outer table.
          Then insert a newline before the second inner table by pressing enter.
          Now select up until after the ref no.
          Cut and paste outside outer table.
Pasting a table in another table tries to fill the respective cells.
To avoid this, select newlines before and after the table when copying.

Copying and pasting frames inside a table is easier.
Still there is one trick.
Put the cursor after the first inner frame.
Press left arrow key.
Insert a newline by pressing enter.
Now select up to after the ref no.
Can paste this selection directly into another table.


-- Various issues --

"Don't insert example numbering" - it was asked whether this is ok to be
unchecked.
(Jim's note: It would be good to have an option of not inserting the outer
 table at all. This would be very helpful for the three column examples.)

Toolbox 1.4 didn't output XML morpheme breaks correctly.
Upgraded to version 1.5.8. Version 1.5.5 works fine too.

Problem: Free translation wasn't coming.
Solution: In Toolbox File -> Export -> XML, check "All Fields."

Big problem: Python couldn't parse the XML.
There was a problem character, perhaps inserted by Keyman.
It came when typing "..." for example.
Also it came when deleting \mb without deleting \ps.
Firefox was able to parse it but showed the problem character as a
black diamond with a question mark inside.
Using Firefox I searched for the black diamond.
Then we fixed the examples in Toolbox.
Perhaps this problem has been fixed in newer versions of Toolbox.

Publishing:
+ Margins are 1.25(?) inches in order to allow for binding.
+ Sending specifically .doc format was not specifically asked for.
  However the advisor did receive .doc format in order to give feedback.
  (Jim's note: PDF might work for this purpose, or a skewed .doc).
+ Two hardcopies will be required.
  It is most important how it looks in printing.

Confusion: Kept pressing "Finish" without pressing "Insert example"


--Converting the Word doc to OOo --

Landscape pages stayed landscape.

The Table Contents style had too much spacing. (Same as with Sam Mathai)
- Solution: Modify style. Set spacing to single, and all spacing values to 0.
- This did not adversely affect anything else as far as we could tell.

Cross references did not work.
- This will probably take the most work to fix.

It took a few minutes to get the Styles and Navigator panes to dock.

Selvi did not seem very familiar with styles.
At a couple of points there was confusion:
- Changing the style Interlinear Base: necessary each time? (no)
- Is each different table shown in the styles pane? (no, just some table styles)


